Then you go up
I'll take Yaoyao and wait for you below.
Aren't you going up with Yaoyao?
No, it will cause you trouble.
No nonsense
You and Yaoyao are not troublesome.
Aren't you afraid of being laughed at?
What? You're so young and pretty?
But married someone like me
A man with three children
I don't mind you are fine
Three kids is also fine
There we go.
Be careful.
Don't move, your foot seems to be sprained, come and sit first
Let me see.
Come and go
Try two steps.
It really doesn't hurt.
miss
Didn't you marry into the country?
How dare you come to the radio
This time you beg again
Probably won't be able to keep the supply staff's job either
Who says I have to keep my job?
I'm going to sell my job
What? You're selling your job?